Jae Young Choi
CS 262 - Homework5
Teammates Review

Overall, I think our group functioned together pretty well. Workload was definitely not evenly 
distributed, but I beleive that was more due to some members taking on harder tasks, running into
problems, and still pushing through in order to deliver. No one slacked off and added work for others, 
but I feel like some people could have been a little more proactive.

Nate: 20%
Nate was very invested in the project and gave a lot of effort, especially on the database.
He got along with others very well and was very serving, helping other group members on a regular basis.
He even gave the final presentation.

Valeria: 18%
Valeria managed a lot of our deliverable requirements, helped us stay in touch with and receive the
professor and receive feedback from him. She also put in a good effort for the final presentation.
She struggled a little with coding, like the rest of us, but it never stopped her from trying.
I would think she carried her own weight in programming the android application, and whatever she laked
she made up for by managing deliverables.

Luke: 16%
Luke mostly worked on programming his portion of the android application, and was self-sufficient.
He carried his own weight and also contributed a little to setting up the database. 

Kelly: 14%
Kelly also mostly worked on her portion of the android application. She adequately completed tasks 
that were assigned to her and contributed to user testings. Overall, she pulled her own weight, but I
feel like she could have been more proactive and contributed a little more to the project as a whole.

Lauren: 12%
I think Lauren strickly worked on the android application and completed tasks that were assigned to her,
but I feel like that is all she did. She was very social with other group members but I feel like she,
for the most part, took the back seat and only did what she was assigned.

Me: 20%
I would say I contributed in ways that I could, whether it be programming, designing electronic models
for the presentation, or working on the database with Nate. But I also took the back seat and didn't
contribute to the final presentation.
